our business class viguier had told afp he was going
propose a small sentence
of fish
and yes clementine a gift we're going to do that a patriot of
cod
it's about vegetables so we started with league day 1
varied vegetables he recommends a report on a year
a vegetable in Europe then in the day or less
150 grams per parent per parka that has reached
the port terrace we will take that white because it is much more
digest year she made various that had left me aside we can very
use them well but for fragile intestines
we will avoid so this is a
the dunes which is very interesting because diuretic
the characters she had heard of intestinal transit the members
for France it's a little bit will order them feader percent of the fibers
direct by the 27 with this dirty French is very rich in vitamin a
so for skin heller
the vision is fantastic
but had meanwhile his energy intake very low it is
high in fiber
it is therefore perfectly recommended for those who control
line
the neighborhood first recognized the runner and his contribution% vitamin c is expensive
it is also noted
the third ali
a year after the shooting that took six hours
for its vitamin C content
and so we do not finish a clove of garlic
the parchment
with an initiative so these are bubbles that are part of pretty years
expensive
if they have very interesting nutritional properties
on the one hand there is not enough time for the back but on a very good record
if this cardiovascular system
for bad cholesterol by the way
anais the interest is so the master ballaman
for 100 th in your kitchen
far from the hull mineral year
on which we will put
a little bit of fat
here you have announced to serve to make the state that has called for peace
and to promote the basting charm
this sheet it aligned then we could very well use paper
greaseproof
alexandra will be closed late may its sunday it's a reality is that if
this is essential
5:15 p.m.
and I do
in a meeting of months then that of olive halley
and even sometimes it's believed to be better for mental health -
thanks to
for a pound
% n is not less serious than others
camara - thanks that sunflower oil a month thanks that karachigate it
is interesting
because of its fatty acid composition, the monounsaturated
and for her I would say she did not have him very well with him sunflower have
compositions that are complementary
then in the fish device on the beaches
the interest of cod and that it is very meager and its contribution in liquidity
nasty asia
it is a cooking stew the foil so it's very interesting
because
by adapting to really very low liquid
participants at 10 minutes and then goes away with all these dogs so we go
preserve the best quality and selective and animal sorting
the number 18 of the month
with the dissolution in the water as one could do in a whirlpool
like red wine like all alcohols it made sense
while the total number of surnames told
the smell of perverse lorient about cons is true that cooking alcohol
evaporates too so
the final caloric intake of alcohol does not disappear with the
crisis
between the two turns at 240 degrees for ten minutes
the main interest of taxi cooking at all and that the amateur keep
vitamins
that's what I am
school is now our steamed vegetables
remember that more attacks of 11 September well preserved by this
sweet story with steam
are planned on details
and nine in any cooking
vegetables in all its glory we are not used to
to make papillotes of cod and julienne of vegetables it is necessary for you
cod and carrot fillets of carrots he has
leeks a little fat from the quercy of Libya to shallot it's
lime mustard
a little white wine of salt and pepper but the criticism